O+ is the most common blood type.
The thyroid gland regulates metabolism.
Neurons are nerve cells that transmit information.
Hemoglobin is found in red blood cells.
Wisdom teeth are the third set of molars that most people develop.
The liver is the only internal organ that can regenerate tissue.
2% of people have green eyes.
Most humans have 23 pairs of chromosomes.
Vitamin D is produced upon exposure to sunlight.
The liver is the largest internal organ.
The skin is the largest organ.
The pituitary is the 'master gland.'
Diamonds are made of carbon.
The chemical symbol for potassium is 'K'.
Nitrogen is the most abundant atmospheric element.
The mitochondrion (SINGULAR) is the powerhouse of the cell.
Vitamin E is also called 'alpha-tocopherol'.
Entomology is the study of bugs.
Photolysis is the splitting of water by light.
Blood plasma is mostly water.
Jupiter has the shortest day.
Uranus and Neptune are the 'ice giants'.
Penicillin was discovered by Sir Alexander Fleming.
Bronze is an alloy of copper and tin.
Elon Musk founded SpaceX.
Elon Musk was born in South Africa.
Evergreen trees never lose their leaves.
Aluminum is the most abundant metal in Earth's crust.
The New England Patriots won the 2017 Super Bowl. 
There are 32 teams in the NFL.
A group of locusts is called a plague.
World War I was known as the Great War.
Perseus saved Andromeda from the sea monster.
Oslo is the capital of Norway.
Serum is not a state of matter.
Bubble tea is from Taiwan.
Archduke Ferdinand was assassinated by Gavrilo Princip.
California is the Golden State.
Taro is purple.
A lepidopterist studies butterflies.
Beethoven wrote 'Ode to Joy'.
The Amazon Rainforest produces 1/5 of the world's oxygen.
The viniculum is a horizontal line in mathematical symbols.
May 1 is College Decision Day.
Caltech is in Pasadena.
MIT is in Cambridge.
UW is in Seattle.
STEM has 150 students (ish) per grade.
A parsec is 3.26 light-years.
"One terabyte is 1,024 gigabytes."
SSD = solid state drive.
ROM = read only memory.
Gold is not an official color of HOSA.
Earth is a sphere-ish.
Cancer is a cellular disorder of uncontrolled proliferation.
Down syndrome is not an infectious disease.
Imagine Dragons is not country.
Dan Reynolds is the lead vocalist on Imagine Dragons.
STEM Graduation 2k18 is June 13.
Facebook was founded in 2004.
GUI = graphical user interface.
The first ever website was launched in 1990.
Serif fonts have small decorative lines at the end of a stroke.
The first iPhone was released in 2007.
RAM = random access memory.
1 kilobyte = 1024 bytes.
Bill Gates founded Microsoft.
The chihuahua is from Mexico.
Lox is a fillet of brined salmon.
Cajun cooking doesn't commonly include potatoes.
Cheddar cheese originated in England.
Mayo is the main ingredient in thousand island dressing.
The OG Star$$ was established in Seattle.
The first McDonald's opened in California.
Subway is the largest worldwide fast food franchise.
Dijon mustard originated in France.
Twinkies filling was originally banana cream flavored.
Sauerkraut is made of cabbage.
Wasabi is Japanese.
KFC = Kentucky Fried Chicken.
The Scoville scale measures the spice level of peppers.
Pho is NOT from China originally.
The taste of savory foods is NOT called MSG.
The Chinese takeout box was NOT invented in India.
Margarine is intended to be a butter replacement.
Chimichurri originated in Argentina.
Kimchi is a Korean dish made of seasoned veggies and salt.
Naans are made in tandoor ovens.
Gumbo originated in Louisiana.
Bugs do NOT cause bread to rise.
A salad is NOT a heated tortilla filled with cheese.
The fortune cookie was invented in California.
1 pint = 2 cups.
"Pica is the desire to eat strange, non-nutritive things."
Albumin is in egg whites.
A baker's dozen is NOT Avogadro's number.
Georgia peaches are famous.
Hermione is played by Emma Watson.
Nikola Tesla was born in modern Croatia.
Nikola Tesla was born before 2000.
